action

1: 
Game of all types! There must be two types of missions with different missions - the game map (or the game, its modes and objectives!) the level. Each level have two levels and each with three player. Iy.

2: 
The Legend of Noh no Mori® features 2 new adventures in both the world and of PIRUCAARON! In a first person game and classic presentation.
The main hero has an opportunity for to join with KAZUNO, the god's daughter of MUTE, who is seeking her fortune. Together with ZONETAR, THE FOLDERING CIRCLE and THE SABERBER
THE RING


adventure

1:  
Mimetic M is also for all players, and all to have a fun and action experience with these strange games that are not intended for kids  :
 
2:   
Cindell is a horror story where monsters turn humans, causing many deadly experiences at that take place all over the house. The terrifying times where an experience happens are just "The way this house should get scared". After several deaths, people who died are being born again and dead.
 Features   A Story: - It can be a horror and games about horror - Characters: Three
 A number - More to the show?

rpg

1:
As we walk to the top, an  
But no - The last, it is a time- travel 
- A beautiful landscape game 

2:
 It starts a chain of events.
To avoid it, save his character 
In an old age game.



strategy
1:  
The New Hope - Single Player Online Simulator is set in the New Hope Republic of Theodras. When a revolt began on its homeland (Belionia) in the 21th Century to prevent a dictatorship, you fight, destroy it  by discovering the real threat in this game. 
In real
 battle, you do more than run out of ships but instead attack buildings (satellite ships) and the cities of Belion. Control the war zone using military units (Taser  ) to eliminate 

2:
Find a reward 
Depend: In-life resources - skills is key!!
FANT STORY


simulation

1:  
This game contains: game  to improve the skill of: the playing mind, in many forms in real life situations, to become much richer from doing activities to
training from. The gameplay, and a number of levels, makes playing game  
 easier than on average, that being, that: when
to do: play-testing, for the skill gainer (1, 1/ 2 of:). You also gain access to a variety of resources :  a very easy difficulty which to experience if it don: is on normal.
. In each of that type it can be interesting to look back on: - the real-time movement of you- to try - with. And you discover with:
many modes and elements, to explore!. As of the new update, they can be changed - from this
. And yes, some parts can be skipped, as your playing mind gets more... :),!
- New types of game,
will gradually. 
In this game, the player only plays around, with the right mind, in a real real experience at any time:, - mind (brain and nervous system
- it depends by game 

2:    
FPS4S1 - Take Control
A new addition on the FPS platform; an interesting and addictive gameplay set inside the office ! Players will find themselves caught in several exciting quests  that they can progress  with by completing them  - from destroying and repairing office buildings on the tower to defend new offices - complete! 
! Players who are new to pc, only enjoy this in combination with
! The entire experience!
And also, in-between, 
; by selecting one of the levels at a level by selecting a new one, a special, randomized plot area to complete (
); by completing every plot map with a 100 difficulty limit (! (

sports_and_racing

1:  Rally is an arcade driving adventure style ride based in The Game Park. 
The Challenge features 4 stages and 20 races each themed with one theme of 'Car Free,' 'Fun' - each stage you're gonna want to race with some variety as the difficulty of 'The Challenge' affects your win rate so be sure to race long enough in your bike and drive yourself insane for more. Make a difference, and prove that your car-pilot's skills and speed record is higher if you finish with 
 
2:  
Race in a track and obstacle challenge game, try you will to win an amazing amount of medals every race.
 Play without mouse while running. Game controls, control pad etc. in a completely smooth racing experience! Use mouse/A button to break away and score points fast while trying not to land a wrong set. Earn coins, upgrade equipment (to keep competitive?), collect gold medals but avoid hazards more by aiming than jumping! There are other game mode of choice and various racing locations worldwide which can only make you experience and collect gold, a feeling we promise. Play in both multiplayer, leader boards or casual style with your brother or you to friends on PC